[NARRATOR] Previously,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
inside the Hyperbolic
Time Chamber,
the battle raged between
the evil Majin Buu and Gotenks,
the mighty warrior produced
by Goten and Trunks's fusion!
One and two!
Full speed ahead, let's go!
[NARRATOR] Despite Gotenks'
impressive power,
Buu was able to regenerate
from each attack.
And though the child warrior had
one more technique to unveil,
he chose to heighten the drama
by pretending he was spent.
Aah! Something's wrong!
I'm tapped out.
I don't have enough energy left
to launch any of my big attacks!
We're done for! This is it!
It's the end of the world! No!
[NARRATOR]
Believing Gotenks' bluff,
Piccolo used his move
of last resort,
and destroyed the entrance
to the Chamber,
sealing them all inside the
alternate dimension forever!
The earth's last remaining
heroes confront the fallout
from Piccolo's desperate
gamble for victory, now!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[PICCOLO chuckles]
Well, Buu, if you're gonna
kill us, go on and do it.
But just know that you're never
leaving this dimension again.
Aaah!
[GOTENKS]
Hey, Piccolo. Quick question:
Doesn't blowing this up
mean we're trapped, too?
Yes. I'm afraid so.
The chamber portal
is closed forever.
We're all going to spend
the rest of our lives
in this dimension.
Uuh! But how
will I get my candy?
You won't. There's none here.
No cookie? No ice cream?
No chocolates?
Heh. That's right. All gone.
Nooo!
[ALL gasping]
Whoa, is everyone okay?
What the heck
just happened in there?
Aah! He's done it.
The entrance to the
Hyperbolic Time Chamber
is destroyed!
It seems so. This is Piccolo's
last ditch effort to stop Buu!
But if he really
went through with it,
then does that mean--
[ROSHI] As we feared,
even with the power of Fusion,
Goten and Trunks were
no match for Majin Buu.
So with the boys defeated,
Piccolo had no choice
but to destroy the entrance,
trapping them all inside.
But at least
Buu's been stopped.
He'll be imprisoned
there forever,
never to be seen
or heard from again.
Wait, hold on. When you say
"defeated" are you trying to say
that Trunks and Goten
have been killed?
[ROSHI]
Probably. I'm afraid so.
I knew this would happen!
This has been a bad idea
from the beginning!
But don't forget, even if
they're gone it's not a problem,
because with the Dragon Balls
we can always bring them--
[BULMA] I know, dummy!
That's not the point!
I don't care
how strong they are!
You don't send children
to fight a monster like Buu!
You're all cowards!
How could you put the fate of
the earth on their shoulders?
What were you guys thinking?
[SUPER BUU]
No cookies. No ice cream.
And no candy, either!
Forever! Oooh.
Hey! Piccolo!
Why didn't you ask me first
before you did that?
I was just about to unleash
a massive attack on Buu!
What? You were?
When I asked, you specifically
said you didn't have
the energy to launch
any more powerful moves!
It was a harmless lie
to make it more dramatic
for when I did attack him!
But now my whole plan
to destroy Majin Buu
has gone out the window,
thanks to your
big green panicky butt!
Say what? There are no "harmless
lies" at a time like this!
This is your fault!
You're a stupid brat!
I'm not the stupid one, you are!
Stupid, stupid,
stupid, stupid, stupid!
You gotta take me
back to Earth right now!
There's no going back to Earth!
Didn't you hear
what I just said!
What's wrong with your brain?
[SUPER BUU] Candy. I want candy.
Where's my candy?!
[PICCOLO, GOTENKS]
Huh?
[SUPER BUU groans]
[yells]
I hate this plaaaaace!
[SUPER BUU]
What?
[GOTENKS]
Whoa!
Hey, Piccolo! That looks like--
That's impossible!
It can't be real!
It is! With his incredible
power, Buu's managed to
tear a hole in the very
fabric of this dimension!
He's made his own portal!
Gotenks! We can't
let him leave!
Hey! The hole's closing!
I'm not staying here.
You're staying forever!
He's getting away!
No! Run!
Aah!
He's gone.
[ALL gasp]
Hey! What's that?
[gasps]
I sense Majin Buu!
Somehow, he's gotten from
the Time Chamber's
dimension back to Earth!
Are you sensing
Gotens' or Trunks' energy?
It's not good. I'm not picking
up their Fusion power at all.
Damn it! I wish
I knew what the hell
was happening down there!
If there was only
some way to see.
Can't see? That's easy.
[GOKU]
What?
[ELDER KAI]
Head's up!
Awesome! It's the Lookout,
plain as day!
It really does work! The old
Kai's come through for us again!
Hey! What is that thing? Roshi?
Wha--? Oh, no. Not good.
--[BOTH gasp]
--[VIDEL] No!
[BOTH gasp]
It's... It's Majin Buu!
[ALL gasp]
[SUPER BUU chuckles]
How dare you come back
after killing Trunks and Goten!
[SUPER BUU chuckles]
Lucky me. All of you, lined up.
That's good, because I'm hungry.
But hungry for what?
Maybe some chocolate!
[shrieks]
[laughs]
--[KRILLIN] Eeh!
--[YAMCHA] Damn!
But what kind
of chocolate do I want?
Chocolate candy bars?
Chocolate brownies?
Fudge? Ooh, Wait!
Chocolate ice cream
would be good!
[MARRON]
Mommy, don't let him eat me!
I don't wanna be
turned into chocolate!
[GOTENKS]
Buu's back at the Lookout!
And what are we supposed to do?
Stay here for
the rest of our lives?
All right! Standing there
screaming at me
isn't gonna
get us out of here!
Well, do you have any ideas?
Buu's running around Earth
while we argue about it.
If we do get out,
we'll be lucky if there's
still a planet to go back to.
[PICCOLO grunts]
[PICCOLO] Gotenks.
How strong is your voice?
Uh? My voice?
We're both going to
yell as loud as we can.
That's how Buu tore
through this dimension.
With your power,
maybe we can do the same.
Yeah! Let's try!
[inhales]
[BOTH scream]
[panting]
'Kay. Let's try again.
[SUPER BUU laughing]
Which one of you
will taste the best?
[ALL gasp]
[MARRON]
Mommy!
[KRILLIN] Damn. We can't
get rid of this guy.
Goku and Vegeta
couldn't stop him--
I certainly don't
stand a chance.
But I gotta try something,
otherwise we're all goners.
At least I can buy some time
for 18 and Marron to escape.
--[KRILLIN] 18.
--[A18] Huh?
I'm gonna rush Buu.
The second I take a step,
grab Marron and run.
Hide somewhere
deep within the Lookout.
Are you ready?
[KRILLIN] Goodbye, 18.
I'll see you again--
as soon as the Dragon Balls
bring me back.
Krillin!
[ROSHI]
Nooo!
--[KRILLIN] Go, now!
--[A18] Follow me!
[yells]
[gasps]
[SUPER BUU]
Heeeeh.
Good.
Next!
[ALL scream]
18, no!
[SUPER BUU chuckles]
These two will be dessert.
Hmm, still hungry.
Which one should I do next?
Ahhh, who cares?!
I'll eat them all right now!
[SUPER BUU laughing]
[gasps]
[SUPREME KAI]
They're gone. All gone.
[GOKU grunting]
Damn it!
That bastard! I couldn't do
anything from here but watch.
Uh. Hey, guys.
What's going on over there?
Everything okay?
[GOKU] We're fine, Gohan.
Nothing to worry about.
You just focus on finishing
your power up ceremony
so you can get back
in the fight against Buu
as soon as possible. Okay?
Yeah. Got it.
Have you seen either
Piccolo or the boys?
No, and I'm not
sensing them, either.
I think they might be dead, too.
No. They can't.
[GOKU] I don't like the thought
any more than you,
but we gotta be prepared
for the worst.
If Buu's killed Goten,
Trunks, and Piccolo,
then there's no one left
to protect the earth!
But, we may have one hope left.
So long as we can still
gather all the Dragon Balls!
[MR. SATAN groaning]
[groans]
[MR. SATAN] What happened
to everyone? To everything?
It's like... we're the last
living creatures on Earth.
[BEE barking]
[MR. SATAN]
No, bad dog! Don't run away!
[BEE barking]
Hey. You found a city!
People still might
be alive down there!
[MR. SATAN]
Water! Food! Air conditioning!
[MR. SATAN laughing]
--[BEE barking]
--[MR. SATAN laughing]
Hey! Anybody still
alive out there?!
Hello, anybody!
Mister Satan is in town!
Um, hello! Earth's greatest
hero is ready to help you!
Hello! Hey!
Well, boy, I guess we're
the only two left alive. Aw.
[MR. SATAN]
Here.
[MR. SATAN] Has Buu
really killed every human
left on Earth? What could've
set him off again?
It seemed like he turned over
a new leaf, thanks to me.
Oh, and the pup, too, I guess.
♪
Yeah. You tamed
Majin Buu, didn't you?
[MR. SATAN] I know there's still
good in you, Buu. I know it.
[PICCOLO, GOTENKS scream]
[BOTH panting]
[panting]
Forget it. We can't even
open a tiny hole.
Buu must have wiped out
everyone on the Lookout
in the time that's
passed out there.
I don't know
what else we can do.
[GOTENKS] Huh? Well,
I got no choice then.
Time to break out the big stuff.
I was hoping I'd have
a little snazzier moment
to reveal this, though.
What are you talking about?
My ultimate move.
That's enough of your attitude!
Okay! Here comes the coolness!
Dat-da-da-dat-da!
Yo!
[yelling]
[PICCOLO grunting]
[GOTENKS grunting]
[PICCOLO]
Gotenks! What are you doing?
[GOTENKS grunting]
Yeah! Ha-ha!
Aah! What? Gotenks.
How the heck is this
level of power possible?
I got no clue, Piccolo.
I just do it.
Ha-ha! Pretty awesome, huh?
I've gotta be way
stronger than Buu is now.
But, I don't like how it kinda'
messes up my face and stuff.
Right? You know what I'm
talking about, don'tcha greenie.
Aaah! Fusion
and Super Saiyan 3?
If I didn't see it,
I wouldn't believe it!
[GOTENKS]
I get it. You're surprised.
Now let's get back
to Earth and find Buu!
I can't stay powered up at
Super Saiyan 3 for very long.
[bellows]
[SUPER BUU]
Huh?
Yeah! I made a portal!
Piccolo, what are you, a statue?
Snap out of it!
We gotta boogie before
this portal closes
and we lose Buu again!
[PICCOLO]
Right.
Hey, Majin Buu! Guess who?!
We yelled our way
out of the Chamber, too!
[SUPER BUU]
Oh? I'm impressed you made it.
Huh? Hey. You look
a little different.
Oh, Buu. A "little"
doesn't even
begin to describe my changes.
I've gotten way stronger.
Super Saiyan 3 to be exact.
[GOKU] Piccolo, Goten,
and Trunks are still alive!
They made it out
of the Time Chamber!
[SUPREME KAI]
But the boys look different.
Did they master
a new type of Fusion?
Nah. That looks like
regular old Fusion.
What looks new is that
they've gone Super Saiyan 3!
Wait, Super Saiyan 3?
Oh yeah, sorry.
I guess you didn't
get to see it the first time.
It's sort of hard to explain,
but basically it's when
one of us Saiyans
goes up to a power level
that's far above Super Saiyan!
How many Super Saiyan
levels are there?
Yeah, I know it sounds crazy,
but those two boys...
Man, it's hard
to believe it took me
years of training
to master Super Saiyan 3,
but they've figuring it out
after seeing me do it one time!
It's so awesome!
Looks like the earth
is in good hands.
[gasping]
Buu, what did you do?
[PICCOLO] You sick beast!
What did you do to our friends?
[SUPER BUU laughs]
They're resting
comfortably, right here.
[gasps]
You... turned them into candy?
Yeah. Chocolate bars. Tasty.
[burps]
[GOTENKS]
Every person here?
[laughs]
All of them.
[GOTENKS yelling]
[grunting]
[SUPER BUU chuckles]
Buu! Now you've made me mad!
[NARRATOR] Gotenks and Piccolo
have blasted their way out
of eternal limbo inside
the Hyperbolic Time Chamber!
But they're too late to save the
people they swore to protect!
A vengeful Super Saiyan 3
Gotenks takes the battle to Buu,
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
You're doing awesome, Gotenks!
I can't wait to
see you unleash all that
Super Saiyan 3 power in battle!
Keep it up, and you'll
finish Buu by yourself!
[SUPREME KAI] Goten!
Trunks! Don't get careless.
Fight smart!
Majin Buu still has powers
and moves we haven't seen yet!
[GOKU]
Next time, on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[GOHAN] Please tell me
my training's almost done!